You know, aphrodisiac.
You smell that in the room?
I thought it was the air freshener.
Wait, do you think someone sprayed an aphrodisiac before we came there?
You think it was me?
No, I know it wasn't you.
Then who do you think it was?
I think it was Alan.
I bet he's working with your mother to try and catch me.
I guess they didn't expect you and Cruz to switch roles.
I guess the cards weren't randomly assigned either then.
Or Frank, I promise I'll make them pay for this.
I'm so happy I swapped roles with Cruz.
I don't feel well.
Frank, we're losing our minds.
Let's just stop looking at each other, okay?
Or we'll get too hot.
So, boss, no, Andrew, I'm in control of being in love with you since the day we met.
From the very first day.
I wasn't afraid to admit it, sorry.
I forced myself to neglect these fees.
I was a bit of an asshole then.
But you've changed. I can see it. I can feel it.
I love you.
And I don't know how you feel because you're always so cold.
I will tell you something.
So what?
Even if you're teasing me, I still love you. I still love you.
I still love you.
I mean it.
Try not to think about you, but I just can't.
Now I get what you meant, Frank.
Sex is best when two people are in love.
Because a physical connection is never fulfilling without an emotional bond.
And Andrew.
Go call a doctor, Frank.
I'll get a little attention quick.
You get out of here.
Oh, get out, get out.
Where's Andrew?
Is he okay?
He's fine.
I'm here to help you.
After yesterday, I can no longer hide my true feelings for him.
I need to finalise the divorce as soon as possible so we can start our real relationship.
What are you guys doing here?
Frank, I wanted to tell you that what happened yesterday between you and Andrew means nothing to him.
Peter, tell him.
Sir, I'd like his sexy body.
I'll do anything to get him.
I think that challenge will further prove my skills and seduction.
And what about after you get him?
Of course I'll get bored and move on quickly.
I'm not going to let anyone trap me.
Frank, I recommended you for the position of assistant to Andrew.
But it was he who instructed me to find someone in the company for him to play around.
He would just another pray for him.
Also, Andrew's been delaying the divorce procedures.
Yesterday was just a game.
You're just a jerk who keeps destroying marriages.
So I've been lied to all along.
These people, this place, this city.
It's not for me.
And go back home to your village.
Sir, your mother has left the country, her associates have been detained and Frank is now safe.
Frank, we can finally be together.
Worse, Frank?
Oh, Frank said he had to leave early.
I'll have to, finally.
Wait, he asked me to tell you to forget about what happened yesterday.
Andrew, but it's still married.
It's about it.
Forget about it.
How could I?
You know, something's clearly been bothering him.
I wonder if it's about the divorce.
Tell the court to speed up the proceedings.
Yes, son.
The ring has been rescheduled.
So you get the court at 3pm.
Turn up.
Is everything all right?
My divorce will be finalised tomorrow.
I'll be single, sir.
Well, that's great news.
We should celebrate tonight.
We should be celebrating your marriage.
My career in love like recently had been failures.
Don't be discouraged.
I think love is definitely out there for you.
Yeah, like your sexy body.
Don't imagine him again.
Come on.
I just want to drink tonight.
Let's get wasting.
Cheers.
It's hospitalised.
Don't it?
Hospitalised.
But you're calling for my local number.
Does that mean she's close?
Yes.
Okay, I'll be there as quickly as I can.
Oh, I'm going to get the hospital.
Wow, you're a gal, too.
Grandmother.
Isn't your husband here with you?
Let's just not talk about him right now.
I'm sorry I didn't call to let you know I was coming.
I just wanted to surprise you both.
Sorry, my grandmother is sick and wants to see you.
Can you come to the hospital and pretend we're happy?
I promised.
I'll divorce you after.
Don't worry.
I'll see her.
But I don't want to see you.
Evening, ma'am.
You must be with him.
I'm so glad you found the time to visit.
I really appreciate it.
Well, family's all about supporting each other, isn't it?
Have you had a fight?
Let's just say that we had a slight disagreement.
Tell me the truth.
You're not really getting along, are you?
I don't think she needs to know that her grandson has been having an affair.
Take a rest, ma'am.
I'll be back to see you soon.
William, tell me you're not divorced, are you?
I don't want to lie.
We've signed the papers, so...
No chance of staying together.
We never were a good match.
We're just married to fulfill our grandmother's wishes.
And Frank and I have both found someone that we truly love.
Thank you for being so honest with me.
Just don't tell Frank how I already know.
I want.
Thanks for visiting my grandmother.
She told me she was happy to see you.
You're welcome.
But don't go back on your word.
We're getting a divorce soon.
Of course.
Frank, why is he here?
You mean to tell me that the guy on the bench there is my husband?
I know they had the same names, but I just assumed...
Will it?
I'm already here.
It's him.
Thanks, my husband.
He made sure about what makes him be...
You weren't your child, you bullet.
Yeah, I don't want it to divorce.
Yeah, go count as well now.
Since the time's on, you tell me you're up.
Just tell him I've changed my mind?
No!
Why?
Where's Will it?
Well, your husband just said he no longer wants a divorce.
Sorry, what?
Reaction.
But last time we texted, he was very serious about it.
This is his credit card.
I was going to give it back off the divorce.
Can you look concerned?
Thinking about how to ensure that he never divorces me.
Grandmother, I need your help.
It's about my happiness.
Are we at the wedding party?
We could be.
Be honest.
You intentionally made me wear the same outfit I wore when I married.
Will it?
Are you trying to find me another husband?
Take it.
After all, you're my husband.
Legally.
You're my husband.
There's no way.
Nice to meet you again.
Sorry that it took me so long to realize that it was you that I married.
Why does he look so familiar?
Angel.
Are you really my husband, Will it?
I'm both, but William's such a boring name, so I use my middle one.
And...
You know, I was so jealous of your husband until I realized that he was actually me.
Bingo.
He's the guy that showed up with your house asking for you when you outside getting the bottle of wine.
Who could have thought?
No, no.
I don't believe this.
Right.
Listen.
I know I haven't been good at getting to know you as my husband.
But I want to make a mess.
Will you forgive me?
I mean, if I was your husband, I would forgive you for anything.
You told everyone your husband cheated on you with no proof.
You know it was a misunderstanding, but it still hurt me.
That was my fault.
I shouldn't have blown things out of proportion.
But I'm sorry and I want to make things right.
Our marriage has always been an arrangement.
So what's changed?
Do you really love me or is it more fun now to play the game with?
Of course I love you.
I want you to stay my husband for real.
I don't believe you.
You can give me one last chance to make things right.
I'm very disappointed in you Peter.
You've been with me the longest and you've betrayed my trust.
Here's your chance to tell the truth.
Frank, I'm really sorry, but that recording mistake.
But why would you lie to me?
Well, recently I failed at stop trading and got into a lot of debt.
Alan said he would help if I could break him too up.
Taken away.
Frank, I'll admit that when we first met, I just wanted to get into bed with you.
But the more time we spent together, the more I started to fall in love with you.
You know, I never really believed in love because of my parents' failed marriage.
But everything's different now.
Frank, you can reject me as many times as you want,
but I'm only going to keep trying to win your heart.
Well, it may take some time for me to forgive you.
But I have to admit, I do love you.
My husband, boss, play your boy.
I'm so happy that you're my husband.
So good now.